Shop New Honda Models in Katy, TX
With a diverse roster spanning the most popular segments, Honda has comfortable, versatile, and appealing options to suit a wide range of needs and lifestyles. Houston-area shoppers can find the latest Honda models for sale or lease here at Katy Honda.

New Honda Cars in Katy, TX
Honda Civic
The Honda Civic probably needs no introduction. It's the long-time benchmark for the compact car class, delivering a superb blend of comfort, efficiency, amenities, and style. It's also satisfying to drive, thanks to its balanced handling and smooth ride. Available in sedan and hatchback versions, the 11th-generation Honda Civic continues to improve on its successful formula, earning four consecutive Car and Driver 10Best awards from 2023 to 2026.

A recent midcycle update introduced lightly refreshed exterior styling, as well as a reworked trim roster to accommodate a new hybrid variant (covered below). The base gas engine is a 2.0-liter four-cylinder with 158 horsepower and 138 pound-feet of torque. All models come standard with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto smartphone integration, plus an extensive driver-assistance roster, including Collision Mitigation Braking, Lane Keeping Assist, Adaptive Cruise Control, and Blind Spot Information System.

Honda Civic Si and Civic Type R
The gas-powered Honda Civic offers two sporty variants with unique styling and upgraded performance to match. The Honda Civic Si sedan has a peppy turbocharged 1.5-liter engine (200 horsepower/192 pound-feet of torque) and handling enhancements like spot-tuned suspension, performance tires, and a limited-slip differential.

The Honda Civic Type R hatchback delivers an even more performance-focused experience with a 2.0-liter turbo-four engine (315 horsepower, 310 pound-feet of torque), wider fenders, high-performance tires, adaptive dampers, and more.

Honda Accord
Like its smaller sibling, the Honda Accord has long been the standard-setter for midsize sedans. It has been an all-but-permanent fixture on Car and Driver's 10Best list for its blend of comfort, refinement, performance, and style, including earning the coveted accolade every year of its current generation (2023–2026).

The Honda Accord offers spacious seating, refined interior and exterior styling, ample passenger space, cozy seating, and sharp style. It also has a larger trunk and split-folding rear seats for added practicality. Standard features include a digital driver display, Apple CarPlay/Android Auto integration, and Honda Sensing® driver aids. The 11th-generation Honda Accord also has two powertrain options, with LX and EX models being powered by a 1.5-liter turbo-four (192 horsepower/192 pound-feet of torque). The Hybrid model is covered below.

New Honda SUVs in Katy, TX
Honda HR-V
Although classified as a subcompact crossover, the Honda HR-V makes efficient use of its footprint, delivering a roomy interior without sacrificing maneuverability. With the rear seats folded, cargo space expands to 55.1 cubic feet, making it easy to accommodate everything from groceries to weekend gear. Power comes from a responsive and efficient 158-horsepower engine, while the cabin features a modern layout with a 9-inch touchscreen, wireless smartphone integration, a wireless charging pad, and Honda Sensing® driver-assist technologies.

Honda CR-V
The Honda CR-V remains a standout in the compact SUV segment thanks to its spacious cabin, confident road manners, and impressive versatility. Like its two sedan siblings, the Honda CR-V generation has earned Car and Driver 10Best recognition every year of its sixth generation (2023 – 2026).

The Honda CR-V offers comfortable seating, ample passenger room, and a cargo area that expands from 39.3 to 76.5 cubic feet with the rear seats folded. LX, EX, and EX-L trim levels use a 1.5-liter turbo-four (190 horsepower/179 pound-feet of torque), while higher tiers get a hybrid powertrain (covered below). Standard features include a 9-inch touchscreen with wireless smartphone integration, a wireless charging pad, and a suite of Honda Sensing® driver aids.

Honda Passport
The Honda Passport suits drivers who want the extra passenger and cargo space of a midsize SUV without three rows of seats. Recently redesigned for its fourth generation, the Honda Passport has rugged yet refined styling, comfortable accommodations, and up to 83.8 cubic feet of cargo capacity with the rear seats folded. A 3.5-liter V6 engine produces 285 horsepower, while standard all-wheel drive improves handling in various conditions. Interior updates include a 12.3-inch touchscreen, a fully digital instrument panel, wireless charging, heated front seats, tri-zone climate control, and a power liftgate—all standard.

The Honda Passport TrailSport trim enhances capability beyond the asphalt with off-road suspension tuning, all-terrain tires, underbody protection, and more.

Honda Pilot
If you like the style and accommodations of the Honda Passport but need extra seatbelts for your larger Houston family, the three-row Honda Pilot has you covered. It offers comfortable accommodations for seven or eight occupants, up to 87 cubic feet, and an available multi-function second-row that lets you switch between a bench and captain's chairs on the fly. The Honda Pilot has similar amenities to the Passport, including standard features like large digital driver displays, wireless charging, heated front seats, and tri-zone climate control. It also offers a rugged Honda Pilot TrailSport variant.

Honda Odyssey
Of course, when it comes to maximizing family-focused accommodations, nothing beats the tried-and-true minivan--and the Honda Odyssey remains a benchmark in the segment. Its expansive interior provides generous passenger space in all three rows and a cavernous maximum cargo capacity of up to 140.7 cubic feet. It comes standard with a 280-horsepower V6 engine, power-sliding doors, heated front seats, tri-zone climate control, Honda Sensing® driver aids, Magic Slide second-row seating, and the CabinTalk® intercom system. It also offers available amenities like CabinWatch® rear-seat monitoring and a 12.8-inch rear entertainment system.

New Honda Trucks in Katy, TX
Honda Ridgeline
The Honda Ridgeline midsize pickup is a unique offering in its class. Its unibody construction allows it to deliver the utility of a truck with the comfort and ride quality of a crossover. It features a 280-horsepower V6 engine, standard all-wheel drive, a dual-action tailgate, and a lockable, drainable in-bed trunk for enhanced versatility. Inside, you'll find a 9-inch touchscreen, wireless smartphone integration, wireless charging, tri-zone climate control, and Honda Sensing® safety technologies. Houston-area outdoor enthusiasts will appreciate the Honda Ridgeline TrailSport, which includes off-road suspension tuning, skid plates, and all-terrain tires.

New Honda Electric and Hybrid Vehicles in Katy, TX
Honda Prologue
The Honda Prologue kicked off the next generation of Honda electrification. This fully electric midsize crossover offers sleek styling, a refined interior, and up to 57.7 cubic feet of cargo space. It's also nicely equipped with standard features like heated front seats, Honda Sensing® driver aids, an 11.3-inch touchscreen, a fully digital instrument panel, and Google built-in infotainment.

Front-wheel-drive models (212 horsepower/236 pound-feet of torque) achieve an EPA-rated 296 miles of range, while dual-motor AWD models (288 horsepower/333 pound-feet of torque) have an estimated rating of 273 miles.1

Honda Civic Hybrid
The Honda Civic recently added a hybrid powertrain to its roster, which propels the top two trim levels (Sport Hybrid, Sport Touring Hybrid). It adds a pair of electric motors to a 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine to produce 200 horsepower/232 pound-feet of torque. Sport Touring Hybrid models also get several tech upgrades, including a 9-inch touchscreen with wireless smartphone connectivity, Google built-in infotainment, and Bose premium audio.

Honda Accord Hybrid
The latest accord generation integrates the hybrid powertrain (204 horsepower/247 pound-feet of torque) into the main lineup, where it's used in all but the LX and SE trim levels. In addition to improved efficiency and performance, hybrid models also get a larger 12.3-inch touchscreen, wireless charging, and heated front seats.

Honda CR-V Hybrid
The top four trims of the Honda CR-V lineup utilize a 2.0-liter hybrid engine with 204 horsepower and 247 pound-feet of torque. They also get unique sporty design details and available Google built-in infotainment. The Honda CR-V TrailSport Hybrid has more rugged styling, plus all-terrain tires for improved control beyond the asphalt.

Honda Prelude
After a long hiatus, the Honda Prelude has returned as a sleek hybrid-electric sports coupe that blends efficiency with engaging road manners. Power comes from an electric-assisted 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine with 200 horsepower and 232 pound-feet of torque. The Honda Prelude also borrows several enhancements from the Honda Type R line, including a dual-axis front suspension, adaptive dampers, and performance-focused braking hardware.

Inside, the Prelude has a sporty 2+2 layout and a liftback-style rear hatch for improved practicality compared to traditional coupes. It also comes standard with advanced infotainment, numerous comfort/convenience amenities, and a full suite of Honda Sensing® driver aids.

Test-Drive New Honda Models in Katy, TX
Reach out to Katy Honda for more information about the latest Honda models, including available features, financing opportunities, and reservation options. If you'd like a closer look, we welcome you to visit our Houston-area Honda dealership for a test drive. We're conveniently located right on I-10, about 30 minutes from Discovery Green. We'll be happy to show you around.